# 0Cosmos

0 cosmos is a distributed IP creation framework, which includes tools, communities, and DAOs. It will greatly promote the growth of NFT projects in the Zilliqa ecosystem, expand their storytelling, scalability, and generate more new IPs.

# Overview
In 0 cosmos, countless new IP meta-universes will be born. In our native token design, the creation, trading, NFT casting, and financing of these meta-universes are all related to our native token. In addition, part of the distribution income generated by these IPs is completed through the decentralized distribution platform built by us, and the distribution platform can generate distribution income.

# Use-case
0 cosmos is a collaborative system, the core functions include

**A.** Flexible creation framework: Based on this framework, creators can create IP cores more scientifically and quickly.

**B.** Collaboration function between multiple creators: allow distributed authors to collaborate together, for example, allow different authors to manage a unified story timeline, define different roles, set copyright ownership, initiate and transfer creative permissions , Discussion and voting content trends, etc.

**C.** Distributed film industry system (not limited to films)
Take Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer as an example. The traditional film industry revolves around film production companies as a platform, as are game companies. Although authors, actors, and voice actors are all independent individuals, the final organization, distribution, profit, and income distribution are all It is centralized. We will upgrade this industrial system to a blockchain collaboration system and issuance system.

Examples of scenarios:
In this system, the status of talented creators has been substantially improved.
1. They can get the collaboration of people from different professions in the early stage of inspiration, and use the characters in the setting in the way of NFT in the market. Scripts, props, etc., to obtain funds.

2. They can amplify their influence and turn it into market expectations and collaborative appeal, so that more people can generate more communication and more derivative ideas through creative communities.

3. Their copyright has not been monopolized and controlled by the company from beginning to end, and they maintain clear income vouchers in a distributed distribution network.

4. Through this platform, they can find more derivative resources, such as suppliers of toys, games, souvenirs. Of course, these potential helpers can all have a part of the income rights of this IP through early investment.

# Roadmap
**October 2021:** Complete the development and launch of version 1.0 of the Cosmos Sketchpad

**December 2021:** Complete the development and launch of IP DAO version 1.0

**March 2022:** Complete the multi-dimensional NFT casting function of the cosmos drawing board

**May 2022:** Complete the cross-chain NFT transaction function with other public chains

**July 2022:** Complete the e-commerce website part of the IP issuance system

**September 2022:** Complete the social media distribution module in the IP distribution system

**December 2022:** Completion of derivative creation functions for specific systems such as games, movies, and music
